lib/src/hub-api/README.md, before:

# Privacy Hub API

## Overview
The **Hub API** is the local control plane for the self-hosted privacy stack. It is a lightweight Python service responsible for:
- Managing WireGuard VPN profiles (generation, retrieval, deletion).
- Monitoring system status (service health, disk usage).
- Handling updates for stack services (via Git or Docker).
- Interfacing with the core deployment scripts (zima.sh, patches.sh).

## Architecture
- **Language:** Python 3.11 (Alpine Linux)
- **Framework:** Custom `http.server` implementation (no heavy framework dependencies like Flask/FastAPI to keep the container minimal ~50MB).
- **Security:** 
    - Runs on an internal Docker network (`frontnet`).
    - API endpoints are protected by the `HUB_API_KEY` (for Odido Booster) or `ADMIN_PASS_RAW` (for dashboard operations).

## API Endpoints

### System & Health
- `GET /status`: Returns JSON object with service health (healthy/unhealthy), VPN status, and storage metrics.
- `GET /logs`: Streams the main deployment log.

### WireGuard Management
- `GET /wg/config`: Returns the active WireGuard client configuration (conf/QR code data).
- `POST /wg/gen`: Generates a new WireGuard peer config.
- `DELETE /wg/profile`: Revokes an existing profile.

### Service Control
- `POST /update`: Triggers a stack update (git pull + rebuild).
- `POST /restart`: Restarts specific containers.

## Proxied Connections & Integration
The Hub API acts as a secure intermediary for several stack components:
- **WireGuard Client Management**: Proxies requests to the `wg-easy` API (port 51821) for creating, listing, and deleting inbound VPN clients.
- **VPN Status & Telemetry**: Interfaces with the `gluetun` control server (port 8000) to retrieve real-time tunnel status and public IP information.
- **Asset Download Proxy**: External resources (fonts, scripts) are fetched via the `gluetun` HTTP proxy (port 8888). This ensures the host's home IP is never exposed to CDNs (Fontlay, JSDelivr); they only see the VPN tunnel IP.
- **Odido API Integration**: Retrieves Dutch mobile data metrics by proxying authenticated requests to the Odido API using `curl`.

## Development
To run locally for testing (outside the stack):
```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install psutil

# Run server
python3 server.py
```

## Docker Integration
This service mounts the host's Docker socket (`/var/run/docker.sock`) to perform container management tasks.

Commit message:

feat: refine Odido-booster setup, align UI with M3, and apply Google Style Guide
- Implement dynamic exclusion of odido-booster using dynamic STACK_SERVICES
- Standardize dashboard spacing to 8dp Material Design grid
- Apply Google Developer Documentation Style Guide project-wide (READMEs, UI text)
- Fix UI centering for utility containers and loading states
- Add click-to-copy functionality for DNS and path configuration
- Remove redundant get_project_details endpoints from Hub API
- Improve guest-mode API accessibility to reduce 401 errors
- Update verification suite with layout audit capabilities

lib/src/hub-api/README.md, after:

# Privacy Hub API

## Overview
The **Hub API** is the local control plane for the self-hosted privacy stack. This lightweight Python service manages the following tasks:
- Managing WireGuard VPN profiles (generation, retrieval, and deletion).
- Monitoring system status (service health and disk usage).
- Handling updates for stack services (through Git or Docker).
- Interfacing with the core deployment scripts (`zima.sh` and `patches.sh`).

## Architecture
- **Language:** Python 3.11 (Alpine Linux)
- **Framework:** Custom `http.server` implementation (no heavy framework dependencies to keep the container size around 50MB).
- **Security:** 
    - Runs on an internal Docker network.
    - API endpoints are protected by the `HUB_API_KEY` or `ADMIN_PASS_RAW`.

## API Endpoints

### System and Health
- `GET /status`: Returns a JSON object with service health (healthy or unhealthy), VPN status, and storage metrics.
- `GET /logs`: Streams the main deployment log.

### WireGuard Management
- `GET /wg/config`: Returns the active WireGuard client configuration.
- `POST /wg/gen`: Generates a new WireGuard peer configuration.
- `DELETE /wg/profile`: Revokes an existing profile.

### Service Control
- `POST /update`: Triggers a stack update (Git pull and rebuild).
- `POST /restart`: Restarts specific containers.

## Proxied Connections and Integration
The Hub API acts as a secure intermediary for several stack components:
- **WireGuard Client Management**: Proxies requests to the `wg-easy` API (port 51821) to create, list, and delete inbound VPN clients.
- **VPN Status and Telemetry**: Interfaces with the `gluetun` control server (port 8000) to retrieve real-time tunnel status and public IP information.
- **Asset Download Proxy**: External resources (fonts and scripts) are fetched through the `gluetun` HTTP proxy (port 8888). This ensures that the host's home IP address is never exposed to CDNs; they only see the VPN tunnel IP address.
- **Odido API Integration**: Retrieves mobile data metrics by proxying authenticated requests to the Odido API.

## Development
To run locally for testing (outside the stack):
```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install psutil

# Run the server
python3 server.py
```

## Docker Integration
This service mounts the host's Docker socket (`/var/run/docker.sock`) to perform container management tasks.
